add response limit for chat2query and tcds (#17938)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-endpoint.md

    </SimpleTab>

    After running the statements, you can see the query results immediately in the **Result** tab at the bottom of the page.
    
    > **Note:**
    >

>     > The returned result has a size limit of 8MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > The returned result has a size limit of 8 MiB.
```
